dashboards (#1062)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/dashboards/parameters.adoc

= Parameters

> A parameter is just a placeholder value sitting inside a query, such as $order_id. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A parameter is a dynamic value sitting inside a query, such as $order_id. 
```

Whatever value that parameter holds gets passed into the query.

* A filter is one way to fill that parameter — you click a dropdown, pick a value, and it gets passed into the parameter.
* An action is another way to fill that same parameter — except instead of a dropdown, you click a table cell, and whatever's in that cell gets passed into the parameter instead.

To see all the parameters - use the parameters drawer.

The parameters drawer lets you adjust default values that shape your dashboard results.
It also lets you see which values are being passed into the parameters if you are using filters or actions.

* *Default value*: The default value if there is no initial current value. It is not required.
* *Current value*: The current value is used even if there is a default value.

== Opening the parameters drawer

> It's on the top right side of a dasboard. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameter drawer can be found on the top right of the dashboard editor.
```
